hi my name is hella Allison and I'm a
senior designer for legal I've been
working for legal since 1998 so that's
almost 14 years before I've started
working for Lego I went to high school
and I originally wanted to be an
architect but never got into the school
so I gotta work a job at a factory for a
couple of years and applied for the job
here at legal so that's how I ended up
here my first legal model was the star
wars ultimate collector x-wing fighter
which at that time also was the biggest
biggest legal model this is the brand
new 2012 Star Wars b-wing starfighter
and when I got to the assignment to do
this model I started doing a lot of
research and I had to define a scale of
this model since s no minifigures in it
the scale was up to me so I did a lot of
research in our element portfolio and
had to find some elements that would be
appropriate for this one the biggest
challenge was to do the cockpit part
because it's round and we don't have
that many round elements so I found two
motorcycle wheels and some old
caterpillar tracks and some power minus
wheels that would would be appropriate i
also found his canopy and then that kind
of defined the scale and the rest i also
had to find elements that would be
appropriate for but we do have a lot of
angle plates in different angles and
stuff so that wasn't that hard these
caterpillar tracks up here are
originally from a 1970s technique
bulldozer and have never been produced
in other colors than black but in this
model they are fitted in light grey so I
guess it will be really unique for this
model this model doesn't have that big
part of the movies so it doesn't have
that many functions but it has foldable
wings and a rotating cockpit and when
the Starfighter flies in space the
cockpit will rotate like this and when
it's landing it's got these vulnerable
wings
so it would land like this it's also got
a lot of guns and cannons but they are
not non-functional in this model so that
just for display my favorite element in
this model and the element that actually
made it possible to build this model in
the way I did is this brand new to buy
to anchor plate with studs on the sides
which allows me to build a in the way I
do here so I have a lot of them all the
way down the spine you could you could
say sits like this and these two parts
left and right actually totally the same
just mirrored and the way the model is
built as I just place them together like
this then I have a lot of parts where I
use these special stats these bricks all
the way up here to keep them together
and actually makes a really really
stable model so for this and a little
extra parts here and there makes the
whole wing and basically the whole model
is built mirrored and then just put
together so what I can do now is take
the top part which is building the same
way and fit them together click on the
wings
and lower con at the end and there you
have the model